Jerry encapsulates other traffic inside a 20 point IP header and four point Jerry had a the details
of jerry can be found in RF C 2 7 8 4.
And as you can see here this is for generic routing encapsulation or GOP I won't bore you going through
all the details but if you're interested have a look at the sorry.
See but notice a payload packet which is the data sent by user pieces would be encapsulated inside a
GOP tunnel using a delivery header as well as Jerry had a you know genius 3 topology which I'm going
to demonstrate in a moment.
That means that traffic sent from our one acting as P.S. 1 to our 5 acting as P.S. 2 in this topology
is encapsulated by Rod at 2.
As mentioned I'll show you this configuration in a moment and I'll also do y shock captures so that
you can see the packets but in brief traffic sent by our 1 Center's normal Ethernet frames across this
link.
But when it hits right at to it's encapsulated in a tunnel for transmission to root a for we're going
to build a tunnel from R2 to our 4 and our 3 in this case is going to act as an Internet router or 3
is going to forward traffic based on the outer header or delivery header because the tunnel is established
from R2 to our 4 or 3 only sees traffic going from our two's IP address to our phones IP address it
rots based on the outer header or delivery header and doesn't look at the traffic that originated from
our one.
Be careful however Jerry doesn't encrypt so I'm gonna demonstrate how you could run wire shock on this
link and capture the internal traffic that was sent from our 1 to our 5 so even though you encapsulating
the traffic in a tunnel.
Be aware that that tunnel is not encrypted.
So someone running wire shark or a hacking tool could see the internal traffic as sent in the payload
packet.
So the original data is encapsulated in the jury header with a delivery header the right is on the Internet
would write traffic based on the delivery header when traffic is received by Rider 2 which is the source
of the jury tunnel in this case from Rada 1 It's encapsulated in jury sent across this tunnel to RADA
for which Dean calculates the traffic and sends it to RADA five as the original packet as if this was
a point to point link between write tune rider for this example I've only got a single rider being the
internet that remember you could have many many devices here forming the Internet
and the idea is that the tunnel is formed from one tunnel and point to another across many devices the
devices on the Internet right based on the outer header route it too as an example when receiving traffic
from road one will encapsulate those packets within jury headers send it to Rota for route A Fool will
remove the headers and forward the packet across two rows of five as if there was a point to point the
link between write 2 and write off for the same thing will happen in the reverse write a 5 or send a
standard Ethan it frame across this link to write a for write a for will encapsulate the packet send
it through the tunnel to write it two which will then Dean calculate the packet and forward the packet
onto rider 1 as if there was a point to point serial link between Rider 2 and write a 4.
As mentioned I'll demonstrate the setup of this topology and we'll assume that this picture is Jerry
tunnel from rider to to write a 4.
It's simply a session that's established using the jury protocol from Rider 2 to write a full but logically
it's as if you've got this extra serial interface on the riders which in our example will configure
as tunnel 0 on both riders.